docs: add verawood rbac docs (#1497)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/how-tos/course_development/manage_course_authoring_roles.rst

.. _Manage Course Authoring Roles:

Manage Course Authoring Roles
##############################################################

.. tags:: educator, how-to

This article covers the course authoring roles introduced in the Verawood
release. Whether these roles or the ones described in

> :ref:`Add Course Team Members` apply to your course team depends on whether
> Course Authoring is enabled for your site.

Reviewer: Does "Course Authoring enabled for your site" mean the `authz.enable_course_authoring` flag is enabled? If so, I'd rephrase this to be: 
```suggestion
:ref:`Add Course Team Members` apply to your course team depends on whether
`authz.enable_course_authoring` is on.
```

Reviewer 2: This is an educator's document. We should not be talking about flags - just directing them to contact their site operators.

.. note::

>     This feature is not enabled by default. See the operator release notes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This feature is not enabled by default, and must be enabled by your site administrator. See:
```

>     https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OEPM/pages/6331662350/RBAC+AuthZ+for+Course+Authoring+-+Operator+Release+Notes#Enabling-the-Feature-Flag

Reviewer: Same comment here about having a single source of truth out of confluence.

Reviewer 2: Leave for now we can't cross-ref until the operator RNs are merged

* Course Admin
* Course Staff

Access the Roles and Permissions Console
*****************************************

The Roles and Permissions console can be opened from the Studio home page.
A filtered view, scoped to a specific course, can be accessed from the
course Settings menu.

To open the console for a specific course:

#. In Studio, open the **Settings** menu for your course.

#. Select **Roles and Permissions**. The console opens in a new browser tab,
   filtered to show only this course's team.

   .. image:: /_images/educator_how_tos/course_settings_roles_and_perms.png
      :alt: The Settings menu in Studio, showing the Roles and Permissions option

Find and Audit Team Members
****************************

Once you open the console, your course team is shown in the **Team Members**
tab. The tab lists all users with a role assignment on this course. Use the
search bar and filters to find a specific user.

Select the option in the **Actions** column to open a user's audit view,
which lists all of their role assignments.

For a detailed description of the console and its filters, see
:ref:`Use Roles and Permissions Console`.

Assign a Role
**************

> Only Course Admins and global site admins can assign roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only :ref:`Course Admins <Manage Course Authoring Roles>` and global site admins can assign roles.
```

#. In the Roles and Permissions console, select **Assign Role**.

   .. image:: /_images/educator_how_tos/assign_role_button.png
      :alt: The Assign Role button in the Roles and Permissions console

   This opens the Assign Role wizard.

#. In **Step 1: Who and Role**, enter one or more usernames or email addresses,
   separated by commas. Select the role to assign.

   .. image:: /_images/educator_how_tos/assign_role_step1_manage_roles.png
      :alt: Step 1 of the Assign Role wizard, showing a text input for users and a role selector

   Users must have an existing account. If any entry does not match a user,
   the input shows an error for that entry and blocks the flow until corrected.

#. Select **Next**. If all users are valid, the wizard moves to Step 2.

#. In **Step 2: Where It Applies**, select one or more courses to apply the
   role to. Use the search bar or Organization filter to find a specific course.

   .. image:: /_images/educator_how_tos/assign_role_step2_manage_roles.png
      :alt: Step 2 of the Assign Role wizard, showing a list of courses with checkboxes

   .. note::
       The courses and organizations available here reflect where the Course

>        Authoring feature is actually enabled. If a role assignment doesn't

Reviewer: Same comment here about "course authoring feature" or even "course authoring flag" without being more specific I think could be misleading.

       seem to take effect right away, check with your site operator — this

>        can happen briefly during a flag change.

Reviewer 2: This is confusing, and too technical for an educator's doc. I don't see what this adds beyond the note at Line 13 about the feature needing to be enabled.

#. Select **Save**. After saving, the new role assignments appear in the Team
   Members table and a confirmation message is shown.

Remove a Role
**************

Course Admins and global site admins can remove role assignments.

#. In the Team Members tab, find the user whose role you want to remove and
   select the option to open their audit view.

#. In the user audit view, find the role assignment to remove and select
   the option to remove the role assignment in the **Actions** column.

   .. image:: /_images/educator_how_tos/remove_role_icon.png
      :alt: The remove-role control in the Actions column of the user audit view

#. Review the confirmation message and select **Remove** to confirm, or
   **Cancel** to keep the current assignment.

.. note::
    A role assignment tied to a course where the Course Authoring flag is
    disabled still appears in the Team Members table and the user audit
    view. The option to remove it is unavailable, with a message explaining
    why.

.. note::

    You cannot remove your own admin role. If you need to revoke your own
    access, another user with the required permissions must do it.

>     Super Admin and Global Staff roles are managed at the platform level and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Super Admin and Global Staff roles are managed at the platform level (Django administration) and
```

Reviewer 2: Disagree. Educator's guide should not reference "Django administration" it adds confusion.

    cannot be removed from the Roles and Permissions console.

.. seealso::

    :ref:`Use Roles and Permissions Console` (how-to)

    :ref:`Guide to Course Team Roles` (reference)

    :ref:`Add Course Team Members` (how-to)

    :ref:`Add users to Libraries` (how-to)

    :ref:`Manage Course Beta Testing` (how-to)

    :ref:`Assign discussion roles <Assign discussion roles>` (how-to)

**Maintenance chart**

+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+--------------------------------+
| Review Date  | Working Group Reviewer        |   Release      |Test situation                  |
+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+--------------------------------+

> | [DATE]       | [REVIEWER]                    |   Verawood     | [PASS/FAIL]                    |

Reviewer 2: Please fill this out
